README.md, before:

# Refactored-01-Challenge

## Description

**- What was your motivation?**

I had several motivations to complete this project. I want to organize and clarify the existing HTML and CSS code for easier readability and comprehension, and then consolidate the existing CSS code, which was repetitive. Also, I wanted to improve the accessibility of the website by fixing broken links and adding alt img attributes for screen readers.



**- Why did you build this project?**

I built this project because I was stimulated and engaged by the challenge of consolidating and simplifying an existing code base. I majored in English in College and I have a lot of experience editing/revising stories and essays, so this part of the challenge felt familiar and exciting. I like the idea of making something more accessible for someone with a screen reader because I feel like I'm making their day better (albeit, in a minor way). Clarifying HTML tags and renaming CSS selectors to better describe their function was, again, very familiar to me as someone with a lot of writing and editing experience, so it was a happy moment for me when I realized I was reading HTML and CSS code as if it was an essay.


**- What problem does it solve?**

The refactored website solves many of its previous problems relating to the quality of the website's functionality, as well as it's accessibility. Vague <div> elements have been replaced with semantic HTML tags. Alt img attributes have been added to increase user accessibility. Broken links now correctly transport the user to the targeted content. Repetitive CSS properties have been consolidated to ensure any future changes to the codebase will be much easier and accessible than before.


**- What did you learn?**

I learned a lot during this challenge, so I will bullet examples below for the sake of brevity.

I learned how to...

- Direct a Link to a HTML element
- Choose specific semantic HTML tags for different purposes
- Consolidate CSS code without sacrificing design choices
- Write concise, descriptive comments about code functionality
- Write concise, descriptive alt img attributes for images (and how that can effect how often the image can be found in Google search results)
- Add a .png favicon as a browser icon
- Add a :hover effect to a navigation bar link
- Add "scroll-behavior" to a CSS stylesheet


## Installation

## Usage

N/A

## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).


## New Features

**- Increased Accessibility:**  Overhauled and replaced previous HTML code with semantic HTML tags, as well as new descriptive HTML img alt Attributes to assist screen readers.
**- Consolidated HTML/CSS code:** CSS code has been overhauled to mirror the order and appearance of HTML tags as they appear in index.html as closely as possible. These changes improve the overall readability of the code, and ensure practical, stress-free code changes in the future.
**- Comments that describe functionality (mirror each other) **  

**- More Professional Browser Tab:**  The browser tab now includes an "H" favicon and an accurate website description, "Horiseon | Home".
**- Smooth Scrolling Behavior:** When the user clicks a navigation bar link, the application will scroll smoothly down to the targeted content, instead of instantly jumping to the content.
**- Responsive Navigation Links** When the user hovers of a navigation bar link, the cursor will change into a "pointer" and the link will be underlined.
**- **  

## How to Contribute

N/A

Commit message:

Doublecheck that the website/challenege is finished according to the rubric.

README.md, after:

# Refactored-01-Challenge

## Description

**- What was your motivation?**

I had several motivations to complete this project. I want to organize and clarify the existing HTML and CSS code for easier readability and comprehension, and then consolidate the existing CSS code, which was repetitive. Also, I wanted to improve the accessibility of the website by fixing broken links and adding alt img attributes for screen readers.



**- Why did you build this project?**

I built this project because I was stimulated and engaged by the challenge of consolidating and simplifying an existing code base. I majored in English in College and I have a lot of experience editing/revising stories and essays, so this part of the challenge felt familiar and exciting. I like the idea of making something more accessible for someone with a screen reader because I feel like I'm making their day better (albeit, in a minor way). Clarifying HTML tags and renaming CSS selectors to better describe their function was, again, very familiar to me as someone with a lot of writing and editing experience, so it was a happy moment for me when I realized I was reading HTML and CSS code as if it was an essay.


**- What problem does it solve?**

The refactored website solves many of its previous problems relating to the quality of the website's functionality, as well as it's accessibility. Vague <div> elements have been replaced with semantic HTML tags. Alt img attributes have been added to increase user accessibility. Broken links now correctly transport the user to the targeted content. Repetitive CSS properties have been consolidated to ensure any future changes to the codebase will be much easier and accessible than before.


**- What did you learn?**

I learned a lot during this challenge, so I will bullet examples below for the sake of brevity.

I learned how to...

- Direct a Link to a HTML element
- Choose specific semantic HTML tags for different purposes
- Consolidate CSS code without sacrificing design choices
- Write concise, descriptive comments about code functionality
- Write concise, descriptive alt img attributes for images (and how that can effect how often the image can be found in Google search results)
- Add a .png favicon as a browser icon
- Add a :hover effect to a navigation bar link
- Add "scroll-behavior" to a CSS stylesheet


## Installation

N/A

## Usage

To find this website, please find my repository named "Refactored-01-Challenge" at https://github.com/tolivercrisp/Refactored-01-Challenge.

## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).


## New Features

**- Increased Accessibility:**  Overhauled and replaced previous HTML code with semantic HTML tags, as well as new descriptive HTML img alt Attributes to assist screen readers.
**- Consolidated HTML/CSS code:** CSS code has been overhauled to mirror the order and appearance of HTML tags as they appear in index.html as closely as possible. These changes improve the overall readability of the code, and ensure practical, stress-free code changes in the future.
**- Comments that describe functionality (mirror each other) **  

**- More Professional Browser Tab:**  The browser tab now includes an "H" favicon and an accurate website description, "Horiseon | Home".
**- Smooth Scrolling Behavior:** When the user clicks a navigation bar link, the application will scroll smoothly down to the targeted content, instead of instantly jumping to the content.
**- Responsive Navigation Links** When the user hovers of a navigation bar link, the cursor will change into a "pointer" and the link will be underlined.
**- **  

## How to Contribute

N/A


Thank you!
